# P6
Hi, this is CS330 Project 6. I have 2 clickable projects on the landing page. Each project, I include an external content integration. 
Project 1, I include a powerpoint which is the one I have done for my final research presentation. This powerpoint, I believe, will give audiences more details about how I have implemented to achieve the goal. They can see my flowchart for my research process and detailed algorithms that I have implemented such as convolutional neural network (CNN) algorithm for face recognition and DeepLabV3 for semantic segmentation. Viewers can freely use the media buttons to control the powerpoint and scan through these pages. I think by integrating this ppt, it will give viewers better overview to my project 1.
Project 2, I include a Youtube Video which was done for the demo in my hackathon. It introduces the features of the website in detail and also show how users will interact with the website through a demo. The video includes our solution proposal, the functionalities of this website, how to use Google Map to report, the daily symptom track form, examples of health status bar, and future visions for this project. I believe, with this video included, viewers will understand this project more thoroughly and will also demonstrate my public speaking ability.
Besides, external content integration, under Contact Me part, I also include a form where I include 6 fields and 4 types of fields (text, email, number, submit). I also make sure some of the forms are required and phone number field must be in certain form. 
Hope you can enjoy this project! Thank you!
